Documentation Refactor Part 1 (#1225)
NVIDIA/cuda-quantum: docs/sphinx/index.rst

************

Welcome to the CUDA Quantum documentation page!

CUDA Quantum streamlines hybrid application development and promotes productivity and scalability

> in quantum algorithm research. It offers a unified programming model designed for a hybrid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in quantum computing. It offers a unified programming model designed for a hybrid
```

   :caption: Contents
   :maxdepth: 2

      Quick Start <quick_start.rst>
      Basics <using/basics.rst>
      Examples <using/examples/examples.rst>
      Applications <using/tutorials.rst>
      Backends <using/backends/backends.rst>
      Installation <using/install/install.rst>
      Integration <using/integration/integration.rst>
      Extending <using/extending/extending.rst>
      Specifications <specification/index.rst>
      API Reference <api/api.rst>

>       Other Versions <versions.rst>

Reviewer 2: I see that the `Other Versions` link was not changed, however, using the latest docs from CI -https://htmlpreview.github.io/?https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2FNVIDIA%2Fcuda-quantum%2Fblob%2Fdocs%2Fpreview%2Fpr-1225%2Findex.html= , the other versions link isn't rendering, it shows this - https://[raw.githubusercontent.com/NVIDIA/cuda-quantum/docs/preview/latest/releases.html](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NVIDIA/cuda-quantum/docs/preview/latest/releases.html)
